// Notes created with MonoDevelop
// User: nicholas at 9:45 PM 3/31/2008

To begin, we need to address the looming question of architecture before we
start laying down code.

Obviously, what is our system ultimately doing.

It is doing this: accepting TCP socket connections, parsing http requests, 
parsing out the XML content from the http request, interpreting the XML
content as an XMLRPC command, fulfilling the command, returning a meaningful
value, package it up as an XMLRPC data structure, place it as content into an
http response, serialize the http response and send it back over the tcp
connection.

In fulfilling the command, it will likely need to: send a request to the
database (command object), received a result (result object), interpreting
that result, etc.

Socket server should be threaded with ascynchronous socket accepts happening.
Take advantage of the framework on this one. No need to build a threadpool.

The filter layer is next. Worker thread model. Small pool. Each thread
processing the queue of items, taking the stream of data and converting it
ultimately into a usable XMLRPC object. Put into execution queue.

The execution layer should also be threaded; worker thread model. A small
pool of threads will address the input queue, executing commands and
potentially placing work items into the database queue and waiting for
response. Waiting for the response will be synchronous.

The database layer will also be threaded; worker thread model. SQLite is
threadsafe, but the locking mechanism is implemented at the WHOLE FILE level.
This means that concurrent reads will be fine, but concurrent reads and
writes, or writes and writes,  will likely cause thread contention. We need to
keep access to the database fairly limited, unless we end up using a real
database.

Once results are returned to the execution layer, an XMLRPC response object is
generated and passed to the outbound filter queues for processing and
serialization.

After proper serialization, the results are sent back across the wire via the
socket server.

The socket server will own the sockets.

To track all of this activity from thread to thread, from layer to layer, an
all encompassing state object will need to be created and passed with the core
data, in whatever form it happens to be. This will be necessary for proper
addressing in the return result (ie, which socket should get what serialized
response).

As for specifics in database schemas, or what kind of methods are to be
exposed via XMLRPC, those elements have yet to be determined. A proper use
case analysis should be done on the minute functions of a POS system to
determine requirements.


